imagine removing unwanted hair in the
comfort of your own home Sergi care
soothing hair removal system makes it
easy to have soft sexy skin with an easy
3-step system and is dermatologist
approved and nourishes your skin with
natural botanicals let's get started
first lay down a towel to protect floor
and counter surfaces then lay out
everything you will need surgical Ettore
creams remove hair from the root
underneath the skin not just from the
surface consistent removal of hair from
the root allows hair to grow back slower
softer and finer let's begin for step
number one cleanse areas to be waxed
with surge occurs specially formulated
cleanse and prep gel
make sure skin is dry before applying
cream products apply surge occurs rich
creamy formula to the upper lip in a
downward motion from the center of your
lip to the corner of your mouth wait 4
minutes and test a small area if more
time is needed smooth and wait another 2
minutes
gently remove cream with a damp cloth or
using the plastic applicator provided
rinse skin completely now let's do the
arms and legs apply the cream directly
on to the back side of the plastic
applicator smooth the cream onto your
entire leg and the direction of hair
growth wait for minutes and check a
small area to see if hair is ready to be
removed if more time is needed smooth
area and wait another 2 minutes
gently remove cream and with a damp
cloth or using the plastic applicator
provided simply step into shower and
remove with EZ glide tool or shower puff
provided rinse skin completely now it's
time to restore your skin's normal pH
balance and help retain your skins
natural moisture apply calming Sergio
soothe replenish lotion to hair removal
areas with surge occurs easy three-step
soothing hair removal system you are now
on your way to softer sexier skin it's
simple and safe what could be better